introduce PageObjectRegistry with @hande_urls annotations (#27)
scrapinghub/web-poet: docs/intro/overrides.rst

      instead of ``GenericProductPage`` for two URL patterns which works as
      something like:

      - :sub:`(match) https://www.dualexample.com/shop/electronics/?product=123`
      - :sub:`(match) https://www.dualexample.com/shop/books/paperback/?product=849`
      - :sub:`(NO match) https://www.dualexample.com/on-sale/books/?product=923`
      - :sub:`(match) https://www.dualexample.net/store/kitchen/?pid=776`
      - :sub:`(match) https://www.dualexample.net/store/?pid=892`
      - :sub:`(NO match) https://www.dualexample.net/new-offers/fitness/?pid=892`

    - On the other hand, ``AnotherExampleProductPage`` is only used instead of
      ``GenericProductPage`` when we're handling pages from ``anotherexample.com``
      that doesn't contain ``/digital-goods/`` in its URL path.

.. tip::

    The URL patterns declared in the ``@handle_urls`` annotation can still be
    further customized. You can read some of the specific parameters in the
    :ref:`API section <api-overrides>` of :func:`web_poet.handle_urls`.

Retrieving all available Overrides
----------------------------------

The :meth:`~.PageObjectRegistry.get_overrides` method from the ``web_poet.default_registry``

> allows discovery and retrieval of  all :class:`~.OverrideRule` from your project.

Reviewer: I think get_overrides is not doing discovery, and also it doesn't limit rules to a certain project:

```suggestion
allows retrieval of all :class:`~.OverrideRule` in the registry.
```

Author: Good point. Updated this on https://github.com/scrapinghub/web-poet/pull/27/commits/37e5ba1a3696f629801478fe78ea1729164f39df

Following from our example above, using it would be:

.. code-block:: python

    from web_poet import default_registry

    # Retrieves all OverrideRules that were registered in the registry
    rules = default_registry.get_overrides()

    print(len(rules))  # 3
    print(rules[0])    # OverrideRule(for_patterns=Patterns(include=['example.com'], exclude=[], priority=500), use=<class 'my_project.page_objects.ExampleProductPage'>, instead_of=<class 'my_project.page_objects.GenericProductPage'>, meta={})

Remember that using ``@handle_urls`` to annotate the Page Objects would result
in the :class:`~.OverrideRule` to be written into ``web_poet.default_registry``.

.. warning::

    :meth:`~.PageObjectRegistry.get_overrides` relies on the fact that all essential
    packages/modules which contains the :func:`web_poet.handle_urls`

>     annotations are properly loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    annotations are properly loaded (i.e. imported).
```

Reviewer: Overall, I think it may be a bit more clear if in some places further in the docs instead of "loaded" is replaced with "imported". consume_modules is not doing anything fancy, it just imports modules.

Author: Updated this on https://github.com/scrapinghub/web-poet/pull/27/commits/37e5ba1a3696f629801478fe78ea1729164f39df

    Thus, for cases like importing Page Objects from another external package,
    you'd need to properly load all ``@handle_urls`` annotations from the external
    source. This ensures that the external Page Objects have their annotations
    properly loaded.

    This can be done via the function named :func:`~.web_poet.overrides.consume_modules`.
    Here's an example:

    .. code-block:: python

        from web_poet import default_registry, consume_modules

        consume_modules("external_package_A.po", "another_ext_package.lib")
        rules = default_registry.get_overrides()

        # Fortunately, `get_overrides()` provides a shortcut for the lines above:

>         rules = default_registry.get_overrides(consume=["external_package_A.po", "another_ext_package.lib"])

Reviewer: Because of the caveats I'm not sure it makes sense to provide `consume` keyword for get_overrides - the code above reads as it'd return only POs from the listed modules. With 

```py
consume_modules("external_package_A.po", "another_ext_package.lib")
rules = default_registry.get_overrides()
```

the caveat is more clear IMHO, and it's the same amount of code. Do you think we can remove this method?

Author: Yeah, we can make it more explicit by having to access `consume_modules()` externally.

Removed this on https://github.com/scrapinghub/web-poet/pull/27/commits/37e5ba1a3696f629801478fe78ea1729164f39df

    # 3. OverrideRule(for_patterns=Patterns(include=['site_2.com'], exclude=[], priority=500), use=<class 'gadget_sites_page_objects.site_2.GadgetSite2'>, instead_of=<class 'gadget_sites_page_objects.GadgetGenericPage'>, meta={})
    # 4. OverrideRule(for_patterns=Patterns(include=['site_3.com'], exclude=[], priority=500), use=<class 'gadget_sites_page_objects.site_3.GadgetSite3'>, instead_of=<class 'gadget_sites_page_objects.GadgetGenericPage'>, meta={})

.. note::

    Once :func:`~.web_poet.overrides.consume_modules` is called, then all
    external Page Objects are loaded and available for the entire runtime
    duration. Calling :func:`~.web_poet.overrides.consume_modules` again makes
    no difference unless a new set of modules are provided.

.. _`intro-rule-subset`:

Using only a subset of the available OverrideRules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Suppose that the use case from the previous section has changed wherein a
subset of :class:`~.OverrideRule` would be used. This could be achieved by
using the :meth:`~.PageObjectRegistry.search_overrides` method which allows for

> convenient selection of a subset of rules from the ``default_registry``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
convenient selection of a subset of rules from the registry.
```

Author: Updated this on https://github.com/scrapinghub/web-poet/pull/27/commits/37e5ba1a3696f629801478fe78ea1729164f39df

      it's only going to be utilized for **site_2.com** if the following is to be
      replaced: ``gadget_sites_page_objects.GadgetGenericPage``.

It would be only become a conflict if both rules for **site_2.com** `intend to
replace the` **same** `Page Object`.

However, let's suppose that there are some :class:`~.OverrideRule` which actually
result in a conflict. To give an example, let's suppose that rules **#2** and **#3**
`intends to replace the` **same** `Page Object`. It would look something like:

.. code-block:: python

    # 2. OverrideRule(for_patterns=Patterns(include=['site_2.com'], exclude=[], priority=500), use=<class 'ecommerce_page_objects.site_2.EcomSite2'>, instead_of=<class 'common_items.ProductGenericPage'>, meta={})
    # 3. OverrideRule(for_patterns=Patterns(include=['site_2.com'], exclude=[], priority=500), use=<class 'gadget_sites_page_objects.site_2.GadgetSite2'>, instead_of=<class 'common_items.ProductGenericPage'>, meta={})

Notice that the ``instead_of`` param are the same and only the ``use`` param
remained different.

There are two main ways we recommend in solving this.

> **1. Priority Resolution**

Reviewer: I think the main use case here could be the following:

1. There is a library of page objects
2. In your project you want to have a different version for one of POs available in the library

In this case there is no need to modify any override rules, it's a matter of using handle_urls decorator in your own project, and setting a priority higher than the default.

Author: @kmike to clarify, are you suggesting something like the following?

If we have the conflict like:

```python

rules = default_registry.get_overrides()
print(rules)
# OverrideRule(for_patterns=Patterns(include=['site_2.com'], exclude=[], priority=500), use=<class 'ecommerce_page_objects.site_2.EcomSite2'>, instead_of=<class 'common_items.ProductGenericPage'>, meta={})
# OverrideRule(for_patterns=Patterns(include=['site_2.com'], exclude=[], priority=500), use=<class 'gadget_sites_page_objects.site_2.GadgetSite2'>, instead_of=<class 'common_items.ProductGenericPage'>, meta={})
```

It can be fixed in the project as something like:

```python
import handle_urls

handle_urls(ProductGenericPage, overrides=ProductGenericPage, priority=600)(EcomSite2)
```

At the moment, this won't work since the `PageObjectRegistry` stores the PO class as the key, and if a rule is already existing for a given PO, it ignores new rules attempted to be registered. [Reference](https://github.com/scrapinghub/web-poet/pull/27/files#diff-409cb5fe79e7d7d5ede41109573e31bd847a147a966f477de80c99279bcdf479R153-R161).

Do you think it's worth refactoring this from `Dict[<PO class>, OverrideRule]` into `Dict[<PO class>, List[OverrideRule]]` instead?

Though this would affect the other implementations like `search_overrides()` and how it's being read in **scrapy-poet** as well. Nonetheless, we're still quite early in the process and we can still accommodate this change.

Author: @kmike that makes sense! Thanks for explaining it as I initially had the wrong idea. This use case is indeed a common one and it deserves it's own section which I've added in https://github.com/scrapinghub/web-poet/pull/27/commits/7944956802e8c38d939c42b7866d2915f853b1fe.

:class:`~.OverrideRule`. This is made by design so that they are hashable and could
be deduplicated immediately without consequences of them changing in value.

The only way that the ``priority`` value can be changed is by creating a new
:class:`~.OverrideRule` with a different ``priority`` value (`higher if it needs
more priority`). You don't necessarily need to `delete` the **old**
:class:`~.OverrideRule` since they will be resolved via ``priority`` anyways.

If the conflict cannot be resolved by the ``priority`` param, then
the next approach could be used.

**2. Specifically Selecting the Rules**

When the last resort of ``priority``-resolution doesn't work, then you could always
specifically select the list of :class:`~.OverrideRule` you want to use.

We **recommend** in creating an **inclusion**-list rather than an **exclusion**-list
since the latter is quite brittle. For instance, an external package you're using
has updated its rules and the exlusion strategy misses out on a few rules that
were recently added. This could lead to a `silent-error` of receiving a different
set of rules than expected.

> For this approach, you can use the :meth:`~.PageObjectRegistry.search_overrides`

Reviewer: Hm, I was thinking about importing POs directly. How would you do inclusion in search_overrides?

Author: Added another in-depth example for `search_overrides()` in https://github.com/scrapinghub/web-poet/pull/27/commits/74573319c7b495dbf16dc615be846af51721d508.
